Hey there.
Today we're building a portfolio by utilizing JavaScript, HTML, JQuery and Markdown.
I'll quickly scroll through the project now.
We'll be using its current structure to render a collection of images and descriptions of projects.
The descriptions will be written in markdown.
Here are some doggy pics to keep your attention.
Import the items file to use, and alter the page class as shown.
This way we can define the path to render the correct elements in our portfolio.
Here is the items class which we use jquery.
We can render html and images depending on its pages index class code.
Here is the section object which will contain our special images and the markdown content.
comment out footer content, as we will not use a footer.
Markdown code to add a description of the first project.
Code for project 2
The items js folder will tag the correct data to our objects
Here is the images folder.
Add some Css to achieve our desired result.
Heres our new portfolio!